codepen exercise: https://codepen.io/ibedave777/pen/LYYzGKZ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? Code that gives meaning to a web page. 
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to make webpages and that can be interpreted by a browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is used in an element to give it instruction or data. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the main heading element and should be used once. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Ancor tag and img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Information regarind the page that will not be displayed on the viusal page. 
    7. What is an id? An id is used as a locater in the HTML to refer to elsewhere in the webpage or CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Once
    10. What is a class? A class can be used like an ID but can be assigned to multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? with the target=_blank attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute is displayed when an image cannot be. It is also read by webpages as a accesiblity feature when pages are read allowed by a program.
    15. How do I reference an id? #<id name>
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A section defines sections in page that are related. A div does not convey any meaning but can be used to include multiple sections. 
    17. What is CSS used for? Cascading style sheet
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one: An ID is going to be used once for a specic item in a page. A class can include multiple. Examples: headers can be assined an ID for navigation. All paragraphs on a page may have a class used to format all at once with CSS.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent selector precedes another selector that is nested in it. When you want to effect a nested item in a specific element but not the same elements in other secitons. Such as a specific heading element. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector is a keyword add that sepcifies a special state of a selected element. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? By using line-height in CSS
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? By using letter-spacing in CSS
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? By using text-transformation in CSS
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div {border: 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* CSS Code */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm <file name> Because it's permanant. 
    34. Why should I use version control? So may people can work on a project and ensure that it's being correct updated. 
    35. How often should I commit to github? Often, about every 20 minutes. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push or git push origin david-betts
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  
                * Student will create OWN version of Repo (Fork)
                * 
            Student will add TL as a collaborator
                * 
            Student then will Clone Repo
                * 
            Student will then create a branch (on which the student will implement the project) git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
                * 
            Student will then submit their PR into the new branch.

                    * 
            Student will use their own student fork as the base (compare across forks).
                    * 
            Student will add their TL as a reviewer on the PR
                * 
            TL then will count the HW as done by merging the HW back into master “STUDENT FORK”.

